---
layout: post
title: My setup
date: 2013-11-20 15:45
categories: [personal]
---
M'agrada molt el que fa [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) i ho trobo molt interessant. Us recomano que dediqueu un temps a coneixer els entorns de treball d'aquestes persones.  

*May, 12th 2016*  

## Who are you, and what do you do?

Hola! I'm Sergi Xaudiera a digital strategist whose main area of interest is social media. I'm currently working in digital services for the Government of Catalonia in the development and delivery of a digital strategy that improves citizen engagement in innovative ways.  

## What hardware do you use?

- Macbook Pro 13, late 2013.  
- OnePlus One.  
- RaspberryPi (running Openelec)  

## And what software?

## #Mac
- Sublime Text  
- Dropbox  
- Github  
- SourceTree  
- RStudio  
- Slack  
- Spotify  
- iTerm  
- Trello  
- Pocket  

### Mobile
- Pocketcasts  
- gReader  
- Telegram  
- WhatsApp  
- Snapchat  
- Instagram  
- Airbnb  
- Office Lens  

---

*November, 20th 2013*  

## Who are you, and what do you do?

My name is Sergi Xaudiera and I work for the Governement of Catalonia as a social media strategist. When I ended my journey there I'm starting my own project: [Numballs](http://numballs.com). In this project we are trying to measure the impact of sports on social media.

## What hardware do you use?
- Dell XPS M1530 (with Ubuntu 12.10)  
- HTC Legend (Running under CyanogenMod)  
- BQ Edison (just rooted :P)  
- Raspberry Pi (with Raspbmc as Media Center)  

## And what software?
- Chromium: is my main software. To surf the net and most of my work is done in the browser.  
- Tweetdeck (web) as my Twitter client.  
- Feedly: my RSS reading, still missing Google Reader :-'(  
- Trello: task managment tool.  
- Pocket: for later reading on my tablet.  
- Github/Bitbucket have all the source clean and update.  
- Dropbox: sync my docs  
- RStudio: for all the R scripts  
